Hey everyone, and thanks for jumping
back into the cryptoverse.
Today, we're going to talk about Bitcoin
and its upcoming date with destiny. If
you guys like the content, make sure you
subscribe to the channel, give the video
a thumbs up, and also check out the sale
on IntoTheCryptoverse Premium at
intothecryptoverse.com.
Let's go ahead and jump in. So,
our date with destiny is coming up
relatively soon.
My guess is that it's going to occur as
the band Heat Waves says it, a late
night in the middle of June. So, if
you're not familiar with the date with
destiny,
Bitcoin has a date with destiny every
few years.
And in this case, destiny is the
200-week moving average. So, you can see
that Bitcoin
has some dates with destiny every few
years. Sometimes, like last cycle, we
actually went below the 200-week moving
average.
But, my guess is that history will once
again repeat itself, and Bitcoin will
find itself having a date with destiny
relatively soon.
My guess, in the middle of June.
Could happen sooner. Last cycle, you can
see we actually fell below the 200-week
moving average in June.
June of 2022.
In 2018, Bitcoin found a low
in June. And then, what's interesting is
it swept the February low. What's
fascinating is that the February low in
2018 was at around $6,000. And the sweep
of the low puts you just below it.
Just below the February low.
And it's very similar once again, except
10x higher. Instead of finding a low at
6,000, we found a low at 60,000 in
February.
And then we rallied into May and found a
lower high in May. You can see May of
2018 and May of 2026.
And the next low
occurred in June.
So, what does this suggest?
What it suggests is that the next low,
the next local low, will likely occur in
June.
It doesn't have to be a lower low. It
could be.
If it follows 2018, then it would be.
But, it's all about identifying those
windows of weakness and how this is
likely to play out. One way in which it
could play out is Bitcoin could come
down here to the 200-week moving
average, maybe wick below it and take
out the low from February of 2026, and
then try to hold that 200-week moving
average going into the summer. There's
always a possibility that that is the
likely path. But, the point is is that
everyone who's been so bold up on
Bitcoin the last few months saying that
this time was different, it just simply
hasn't been. And in fact, if you look at
how long this rally has occurred, even
to today before we put in a new low,
it's only been about 17 weeks. The one
in 2018, it took about 20 weeks to put
in a new low. In 2022, you can see at
one point it took about 21 weeks to put
in a new low. At another point in 2018,
it took around 21 weeks to put in a new
low. So, my guess is that Bitcoin will
likely remain weak
through part of June, probably find a
low sometime in June, maybe early July.
But, my guess would be probably in June.
Find a little bit of strength
in July. You can see it found some
strength in July of 2022, and we found
some strength in July of 2018.
And then after the July rally,
volatility died off until we got the
final drop in the fourth quarter of the
year.
So, again,
our date with destiny is coming up. Make
sure you clear your schedule.
Uh maybe buy some flowers.
Um maybe go buy some flowers for your
wife if if we're if I mean I know 95% of
my audience is is male, or your
girlfriend. Um
but we got a we got a date with destiny
coming up.
And
let's get ready for it. Thank you guys
tuning in. Subscribe. Give the video a
thumbs up. I'll see you guys next time.
Bye.